contributing meshery errors updated (#3289)
layer5io/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/contributing-error.md

---
layout: page

> title: Using Meshery Errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Creating Meshery Errors
```

permalink: project/contributing-error

> description: How to declare errors in meshery projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to declare errors in Meshery components.
```

Always capitalize Meshery.

language: en
type: project
category: contributing
---

> Meshery Error helps populate error messages with certain set of meaningful attributes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meshery pervasively uses MeshKit as a golang and service mesh management-specific library in all of its components. MeshKit helps populate error messages with a uniform and useful set of informative attributes. 
```

> Use `errors.New()` the above function to create a new instance of an error object and pass in the above listed attributes as function arguments. Refer below for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `errors.New()` function to create a new instance of the error object and pass situation-specific attributes as function arguments. See the following example for reference.
```

```code

> errors.New("111", errors.Alert, []string{"<short-description>"}, []string{"<long-description>"}, []string{"<probable-cause>"}, []string{"<suggested remediation>"})

Reviewer: Capitalize the "m" in Meshery on line 19.
